# Initial Commit. Proc Gen Examples.

I'd like to have a collection of simple examples, all in one place, all trying to stay as simple as possible while still be interesting, and expandable.

So this structure seems like a start. I have a tentative list of possible demos to build. These all seem possible. I have existing projects that will touch on these elements. 

I'm sure the structure of this project will change, but these feels good for now. Might switch to using a templating engine to write the html in, and bundle it, but this is fine for now. 

Seriving this locally with webpacks dev server, so the current build env is running a `webpack-server` in one terminal, and then `webpack` when you want to bundle/build your js packages.

## Goals

* Get something drawn to a screen in one of them.
* Get more ideas in the pipeline.
* Make sure you can bundle post-installation of an interesting package. 

## Screw it, I wanna learn tailwind, too.
Installing tailwindcss and related stuff. Adding relevant style directories. 

I just want pretty lists and better defaults. 

We'll see how it handles canvas stuff, too.

Another config file. yay!

Ok that seems to be working. Had to point the config file at my html. I think the cli tool uses that to see what actually has to be added to the bundled css? That's fucking awesome. 

Neat. This is like bootstrap, but slightly less writing css, so far? Haven't tried much. 

I think it will work best once I apply global colors and styles, then the class lists in each of the elements will get a lot less repetive. But I have the basics working, for now. 

Ok you can use the `@apply` directive to just do common stuff. Neat. This is pretty awesome.

## Text Generation - Markov Chain

I figure these pages will eventually hold more than one thing, but to start, lets do the most basic thing I can think of; Markov Chain text generation. 

* 'File IO' for text corpus. Or a massive paste? Whats the largest you can do? Some default text?
* Process the corpus on click.
	- Will stay global until needed
* Generate strings on button press. 

